the force is what gives a Jedi his path
it's an energy field created by all
living things it surrounds us and
penetrates us it binds the Galaxy
together you refer to the prophecy of
the one who will bring balance to the
force you believe it's this boy before
the dark time a young Jedi named Darth
Vader it was a pupil of mine until he
turned to evil Vader was seduced by the
dark side of the force
verse it will rule the galaxy
a precise hit will start a chain
reaction which should destroy the
station and man your ships and may the
force be with we will then crush the
rebellion with one swift stroke
have you not
you must learn the ways of the force
I'm not afraid you will be you will be
one thing grenades
you must be paid err you don't know the
power of the dark side we will not fight
and you will meet your destiny
I'll have a Jetta
like my father
that boy is our last hope there is major
you